---
layout: post
author: tom
title: Out There
coffee_id: 5
tags: coffee
---

{% include coffee_summary.html %}

### Overall
This is great coffee. This coffee has the funk that you would expect from naturally processed
Ethiopian coffees while still being exceptionally easy to drink. I found myself finishing one sip and immediately
taking another to chase the big berry flavours. I'm also impressed with the way the flavour fills your entire 
mouth while retaining that thin, easy to drink, texture. Overall this coffee is a buy-again coffee. I rate it at 89.

### Body
This coffee has a very thin body, similar to cranberry juice or water. Do not confuse a watery texture 
with weakness, this coffee is absolutely full of flavour. There is a very limited aftertaste, leaving your mouth 
feeling clean and ready for another sip. There is also no astringency or drying feeling to this coffee. All of this
to say that this coffee is extremely drinkable, even before getting into the flavours.

### Sweetness
This is a sweet coffee. In terms of the *type* of sweetness, we tasted cocoa and dark chocolate sweetness primarily. There is a bitterness (naturally) 
which is where it is akin to dark chocolate, a balanced sweetness. In terms of how it comes through, this coffees' sweetness
is present in dark berry flavours. If in some coffees it is unclear whether it can be considered 'sweet', this 
coffee is the opposite. 


### Acidity
In contrast to sweetness, this is not an acidic coffee. This coffee's big flavours come more from its sweetness than high
levels of acidity. There is no tangy-ness or citrus taste here. The minor amounts of acid that this coffee does 
have come through right when it hits your tongue.


### Flavours
We tasted dark berry flavours. Blackberry and blueberry. Extremely juicy and full of flavour. Plum cake and Cocoa.