---
layout: post
author: tom
title: Hamasho
coffee_id: 8
tags: coffee
---

{% include coffee_summary.html %}

### Overall
Little Wolf roasters from Ipswich Massachusetts brings an incredibly easy to drink coffee that is perfect for the 
last days of summer. Gentle florals and unmistakable blueberry flavour bring the right amount of sweetness to 
low-acidity coffee. The result is a coffee you finish faster than intended. Absolutely worth checking out what else 
this roaster has to offer.

### Body
Very thin body with absolutely no aftertaste. Water-like texture which is easier to drink in the summer than some 
heavier coffees, but, doesn't provide the creaminess that may be sought after in a winter/fall coffee. No 
astringency, doesn't stick to the sides of the mouth, very drinkable. 

### Sweetness
This is a sweet coffee that presents itself with gentle berry flavours. The sweetness is subtle in that it doesn't 
taste like a spoonful of sugar or caramel-like, but a defined sweetness is clearly present. "Just Enough" sweetness. 
Light sweetness that reminds me of eating a bowl of berries with the smallest amount of white sugar on top.

### Acidity
Not an acidic coffee, there is limited to no tang or zip present. The coffee can absolutely be described as bright, 
as the flavours do shine through easily, but not in the acidic nature that sometimes carries flavours to the forefront. 

### Flavours
Gentle florals provide a backdrop for stronger small-berry flavours. Blueberry without "blueberry muffin" intensity. 
Wild blueberries picked off a bush before they've completely ripened but without sourness. Slight black currant. 